grunge style is a cheeky revolt against
glamor
who can both fascinate him
suffer so and enrage and annoy but in
anyway he won't leave you without
attention
to create pale matte skin
which is a key aspect
image needs good moistening
to make skin perfect for this
make-up use previously
moisturizing serum oil for face or
base apply base or moisturizer
foundation on the skin to
level and smooth tons then
apply loose powder over the base
to reinforce the haze effect is important
moisturize and soften the skin
so that the powder does not give your face
dry and ugly cracked look
remember that in this makeup should not
to be neither bronze earlier blush base
stays smooth bright and even to
do not distract attention from eye makeup
dark eyes grunge highlight and key
detail of this image
to hide vessels and pigment
put specks on the upper eyelid
few strokes of natural shadow
shade also it will give brightness
tired eyes
then black eyeliner or
any dark color draw a line along
lower eyelid and right under the eyelashes
brush a feather color according to
towards the outer part and to the corners
eye do not blend down otherwise
it will give your eyes a tired look and
make you look like a bi dub plan
pencil dark shadows in
depending on the color chosen
a pencil
we paint eyelashes with one or two
layers of mascara and upper and lower are better
give preference to black mascara eyebrows
must be well drawn and
expressive
outline the contour and lightly extinguish
brow with brown pencil
or shadows
Moisturize your lips before applying lipstick.
using balm
lip makeup up
behind should be neutral and soft light
should be as natural as possible
no paint beige is perfect
pomade
that's all now you're not grunge
forgetting that your makeup should
harmonize with clothes and manicure
subscribe to our channel see you soon
meeting